1. Operational Excellence
The Operational Excellence pillar includes the ability to support development and run workloads effectively, gain insight into their operation,
and continuously improve supporting processes and procedures to delivery business value.
There are five design principles for operational excellence in the cloud:
    Perform operations as code
    Make frequent, small, reversible changes
    Refine operations procedures frequently
    Anticipate failure
    Learn from all operational failures

2. Security
The Security pillar includes the ability to protect data, systems, and assets to take advantage of cloud technologies to improve your security. 
There are seven design principles for security in the cloud:
    Implement a strong identity foundation
    Enable traceability
    Apply security at all layers
    Automate security best practices
    Protect data in transit and at rest
    Keep people away from data
    Prepare for security events

3. Reliability
The Reliability pillar encompasses the ability of a workload to perform its intended function correctly and consistently when it’s expected to. 
This includes the ability to operate and test the workload through its total lifecycle.
There are five design principles for reliability in the cloud:
    Automatically recover from failure
    Test recovery procedures
    Scale horizontally to increase aggregate workload availability
    Stop guessing capacity
    Manage change in automation

4. Performance Efficiency
The Performance Efficiency pillar includes the ability to use computing resources efficiently to meet system requirements, and to maintain that 
efficiency as demand changes and technologies evolve. 
    Democratize advanced technologies
    Go global in minutes
    Use serverless architectures
    Experiment more often
    Consider mechanical sympathy

5. Cost Optimization
The Cost Optimization pillar includes the ability to run systems to deliver business value at the lowest price point.
There are five design principles for cost optimization in the cloud:
    Implement cloud financial management
    Adopt a consumption model
    Measure overall efficiency
    Stop spending money on undifferentiated heavy lifting
    Analyze and attribute expenditure

6. Sustainability 
The discipline of sustainability addresses the long-term environmental, economic, and societal impact of your business activities. 
There are six design principles for sustainability in the cloud:
    Understand your impact
    Establish sustainability goals
    Maximize utilization
    Anticipate and adopt new, more efficient hardware and software offerings
    Use managed services
    Reduce the downstream impact of your cloud workloads

