AWS Shared Model:
The shared responsibility model divides into customer responsibilities (commonly referred to as “security in the cloud”) 
and AWS responsibilities (commonly referred to as “security of the cloud”).

Customers : Sec in the cloud :
Customers are responsible for the security of everything that they create and put in the AWS Cloud.
When using AWS services, you, the customer, maintain complete control over your content. 
You are responsible for managing security requirements for your content, including which content you choose to store on AWS,
which AWS services you use, and who has access to that content. You also control how access rights are granted, managed, and revoked.

AWS : Sec of the cloud :
AWS operates, manages, and controls the components at all layers of infrastructure. This includes areas such as the host operating system, 
the virtualization layer, and even the physical security of the data centers from which services operate. 
AWS is responsible for protecting the global infrastructure that runs all of the services offered in the AWS Cloud.
This infrastructure includes AWS Regions, Availability Zones, and edge locations.

IAM :
(Read the iam file on aws services)

Programmatic access to an AWS account :
To gain this access , you should require an access KEY ID and a secret access Key

AWS organisations :
You can use AWS Organizations to consolidate and manage multiple AWS accounts within a central location.
When you create an organization, AWS Organizations automatically creates a root, which is the parent container for all the accounts in your organization. 

service control policies (SCPs) :
In AWS Organizations, you can centrally control permissions for the accounts in your organization by using service control policies (SCPs).
SCPs enable you to place restrictions on the AWS services, resources, and individual API actions that users and roles in each account can access.

Organizational units :
In AWS Organizations, you can group accounts into organizational units (OUs) to make it easier to manage accounts with similar business or security requirements.
When you apply a policy to an OU, all the accounts in the OU automatically inherit the permissions specified in the policy.  


# COMPLIANCE :

AWS Artifact :(AWS services file)

DOS :s
A denial-of-service (DoS) attack is a deliberate attempt to make a website or application unavailable to users.
For example, an attacker might flood a website or application with excessive network traffic until the targeted website
or application becomes overloaded and is no longer able to respond
DDOS :
In a distributed denial-of-service (DDoS) attack, multiple sources are used to start an attack that aims to make a website or application unavailable.
This can come from a group of attackers, or even a single attacker. The single attacker can use multiple infected computers (also known as “bots”) 
to send excessive traffic to a website or application.

Encryption At rest :
It is enables when the data is idle(ex:Dynamo DB ecr at rest)
Encryption in Transit :
-It is enabled when the data is traveling between aws services or aws service and a client















